README.md, before:

# C++20 CMake Project Template

This is a simple C++20 project template using CMake for building and Catch2 v3 along with FakeIt for unit testing. The project is set up to fetch Catch2 and FakeIt using CMake's FetchContent command if they are not found on the system.

## Getting Started
### Prerequisites

- CMake (version 3.21 or higher)
- C++20-compatible compiler
- Catch2 installed on your system if you want to speed  up compile time

### Building the Project
1. Clone the repository:
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-project.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```
    cd your-project
    ```
3. Configure your build system:
    ```bash
    cmake -B debug -G Unix Makefiles
    # or
    cmake -B debug -G Ninja 
    ```
4. Invoke your build system
    ```
    cmake --build debug
    ```

### Running Unit Tests

1. After building the project, you can run the unit tests:

    ``` 
    cmake --build --target ctest
    ```
This will execute the Catch2 test suite.

## Project Structure
- src/: Contains the application logic, defines a libray target
- app/: Contains the application source, consumer of the library target
- test/: Contains unit tests using Catch2 and FakeIt.

## Dependencies

- Catch2 v3: Test framework for C++ (can be fetched using FetchContent).
- FakeIt: Mocking framework for C++ (fetched using FetchContent).

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Fork project from template project. This is a combination of 4 commits.
1. First commit after forking template project
2. Write real README.md
3. Remove spurrious text from LICENSE
4. Clarify which version of the MPL this project is covered under

README.md, after:

# Elemental Game and Custom-built Game Engine

Welcome to Elemental Game, a game and custom-built game engine designed for creating simple, top-down strategy games. This README provides an overview of the project, its design principles, goals, and instructions for building and testing.

## Getting Started
### Build Tools 
- CMake (version 3.21 or higher)
- C++20-compatible compiler

### Project Structure
- src/: Contains the engine logic, defines a libray target
- apps/: Contains the game source, as well as source for resource editors, all  consumers of the engine target
- test/: Contains unit tests

#### Library Dependencies

- [Catch2](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2) v3: Test framework for C++ (can be fetched using FetchContent).
- [FakeIt](https://github.com/eranpeer/FakeIt): Mocking framework for C++ (fetched using FetchContent).
- [SDL2](https://www.libsdl.org/): A cross-platform development library providing low-level access to audio, keyboard, mouse, and display functions.
- [SDL2_Image](https://www.libsdl.org/projects/SDL_image/): An extension library for SDL2, offering support for loading various image file formats.
- [SDL2_Gfx](https://sourceforge.net/projects/sdl2gfx/): A graphics primitive extension library for SDL2, providing additional functionality for efficient graphics rendering.

### Building the Project
1. Clone the repository:
    ```
    git clone <URL>
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```
    cd  elemental-game
    ```
3. Configure your build system:
    ```bash
    cmake -B debug -G Unix Makefiles
    # or
    cmake -B debug -G Ninja   # this is faster and more modern
    ```
4. Invoke your build system
    ```
    cmake --build debug
    ```

### Running Unit Tests

1. After building the project, you can run the unit tests:

    ``` 
    cmake --build --target ctest
    ```
This will execute the Catch2 test suite.

## License
This project is licensed under the MPL 2.0 License.

Catch2, which is used for unit-testing is © Catch2 authors, and is licensed under the Boost Software License v1.0
FakeIt, is also used for unit-testing and is © Eran Pe'er and is licensed under the MIT License
